---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/laptop.jpg
navigation: True
title: "Shina's First Experience with Website"
date: 2020-05-16 22:57:12 +0800
tags: [Learning]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
authors: shina
---

Perspective of Life
##25 Y.O

As we know, 25 is a quarter of century. I think most of people through Quarter Life Crisis that we feel uncertainty about what is the purpose of our life, our desire, stuck in a dead-end job, thinking about married, and so many things that make us overwhelmed. Yeah, now I’m in this stage. Sometimes I feel lost and questioning myself ‘why I live in this world?’. What should I do to make my life worth for other people? I want to be a successful woman and make my family proud of me. Which step should I take first? If I just thinking about this kind of thing, I hurt my brain and get stressed later on be unmotivated.  

I don’t want to stay in my comfort zone whilst my brain being wild thinking and worrying, so I decided to start listen on motivational podcast and Success Before 30’s channel on youtube since the beginning of 2020. I find quite interesting to courage myself and do what should I do than just stuck in one place. Everything need a process and we need to enjoy the process either is good or bad.

Honestly, the most thing that I’m worrying about is my family financial issue. I have a trauma to hear people fighting and conflicting. That’s why for now I don’t think my mentality is in a good state. Lately feel so stressed out and over thinking, ‘how can I earn a lot of money to help my family?’. I find the answer, but I need to take action with invest in my skill first. Based on SB30 channel, we have four financial stages.

1.	Financial Mess ✔
2.	Financial Security
3.	Financial Flexibility
4.	Financial Freedom

I’m still in stage no 1. That’s why I need to learn and start my side hustle.

The second issue that make me over think is about married. Many of my friends already have their own family, even my best friend since vocational high school already has four kids, wow. My society keep asking me when I will get married. It’s really hard for me to face this question and kinda hate it. They think that women more than 25 y.o and still unmarried will never get married. 

Well, back again how we face the reality and life must goes on. Here the quote for quarter-life crisis; Life is not a competition. Each one is on their own journey. Live according to your choices, capacity, values, and principles. 
