---
layout: post
current: post
cover: assets/images/new2021.jpg
navigation: True
title: "Thank you 2020! Welcome 2021"
date: 2021-01-09 02:59:50 +0800
tags: [Life]
class: post-template
subclass: 'post'
authors: shina
---
###### 2020, A Year Full of Learning
###### 2021, A Year Full of Blessings

At the end of 2019, I thought 2020 will be a great year to reach one of my goals (to work abroad). However, the corona virus outbreak hit not only China but also the whole world. Many people lost their job, the economic drop and this phenomenon force us to stay at home.

Early 2020, I made a plan to visit Kuala Lumpur to meet my boyfriend in April. Yeah, I shouldn’t buy a ticket because now I couldn’t refund it. Since the last time we’ve been together, it’s been a year we can’t see each other because of COVID 19. Fortunately, we manage to keep our communication and our relationship is going smoothly even sometimes we argued.

If I look back about my work life, many things happened. I had hard time for 2 quarters in the beginning of 2020. I worked with heavy feelings, burdened, and almost lost my job. However, I tried to survive and faced it. ‘Whatever happens let it happen’. When many people lost their job, I’m successfully survive and solved the problem at work.

Now, the beginning of 2021 brought some surprises. First, the new variant of COVID 19 is rapidly spreading. In Bali, the case is also increasing and some of my friends are positive. Another one is Sriwijaya Air crashed into the sea and killed all the passenger. My deep condolences for all the crews and passengers on that plane, rest in peace.

I can’t control world events, but I can control how I respond to them.

It’s okay to have resolutions every year, it's okay if you can't achieve a few of them, it’s okay to continue fight for your goals in the next year, it’s okay… Just, don’t give up! 

I believe this year will be full of blessings. Here are my resolutions for 2021:

1.	Read minimum 6 self-growth books in one year.

2.	Have body goals and become an influencer

3.	Work and Live in Australia / The UK

4.	Improve my English skill

5.	Have another stream income

6.	Meet my boyfriend 

7.	Learn another skill such as public speaking

8.	Be more productive than 2020 obviously

One day, when I open this post, I can correct the grammar, I can reflect myself if I be a better person in the next year or if I could manage achieve these resolutions.
